Add background information on how toolchain leads to dependency acquisition (#139)
microsoft/vcpkg-docs: vcpkg/users/buildsystems/cmake-integration.md

As background: by default, the first time CMake configures a build, it runs internal search routines to locate a viable
"toolchain" (compiler, linker, etc.). This search happens when the first `project()` command is encountered in `CMakeLists.txt`.

In order to customize this process, CMake supports "toolchain" files, which are really just CMake scripts.
When a toolchain is specified, CMake **evaluates the `CMAKE_TOOLCHAIN_FILE` as a script**, just like `include("${CMAKE_TOOLCHAIN_FILE}")`
This evaluation typically results in a set of variable definitions containing the paths of necessary build tools (along with other
build parameters, such as cross-compilation flags).

But because the toolchain file is just a CMake script, it is not limited to defining toolchain-related variables. vcpkg uses this
fact as a hook into the CMake generation process. Evaluation of the `vcpkg.cmake` toolchain file effectively runs
`execute_process("vcpkg install")`, after other precursor steps.

**Therefore: all vcpkg-provided dependencies are downloaded and compiled the first time `project()` is called**. A key consequence

> of this sequence is that all CMake-level variables impacting vcpkg itself must be defined _before_ `project()`.

Reviewer: We should clarify that automatic dependency installation only happens in manifest mode. In classic mode, vcpkg limits to making what was already installed in the command-line available to `find_<package|library|path>` calls.

Author: Thanks for the review, I reworded to hopefully address this! (and hopefully make the linter happy)

# CMake Integration

It is important to understand how vcpkg hooks in to CMake to make packages available, and especially when and how vcpkg executes its dependency acquisition and build steps for manifest mode.

As background: by default, the first time CMake configures a build, it runs internal search routines to locate a viable
"toolchain" (compiler, linker, etc.). This search happens when the first `project()` command is encountered in `CMakeLists.txt`.

In order to customize this process, CMake supports "toolchain" files, which are really just CMake scripts.
When a toolchain is specified, CMake **evaluates the `CMAKE_TOOLCHAIN_FILE` as a script**, just like `include("${CMAKE_TOOLCHAIN_FILE}")`
This evaluation typically results in a set of variable definitions containing the paths of necessary build tools along with other

> build parameters, such as cross-compilation flags.

Reviewer: We should also mention that users can still pass their own toolchain files by setting `VCPKG_CHAINLOAD_TOOLCHAIN_FILE`. This allows, for example, using vcpkg with custom toolchains for embedded projects. 

The user supplied toolchain file is evaluated after the vcpkg toolchain file (via `include(${VCPKG_CHAINLOAD_TOOLCHAIN_FILE})`).

But because the toolchain file is just a CMake script, it is not limited to defining toolchain-related variables. vcpkg uses this
fact as a hook into the CMake generation process. There are two ways this hook is used.

In [classic mode](../classic-mode.md), vcpkg sets CMake search paths appropriately to make
previously-installed packages available via `find_{package,library,path}`.

> In [manifest mode](../manifests.md), evaluation of the `vcpkg.cmake` toolchain file
> effectively runs `execute_process("vcpkg install")` directly, after other precursor steps. **Therefore, in manifest mode, all
> vcpkg-provided dependencies are downloaded and compiled the first time `project()` is called**. A key consequence of this
> sequence is that all CMake-level variables impacting vcpkg's build steps must be defined _before_ `project()`. Packages will be
> rebuilt as necessary whenever `project()` is called if any CMakeList modifications impact the [ABI hash](../binarycaching.md#abi-hash).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
In [manifest mode](../manifests.md), the vcpkg toolchain, after injecting the vcpkg integration code, executes `vcpkg install` to install all the dependencies specified in your `vcpkg.json` file.
**Therefore, in manifest mode, all vcpkg-provided dependencies are downloaded and compiled the first time `project()` is called**. 
A consequence of this is that all CMake-level variables impacting vcpkg's build steps must be defined _before_ the `project()` function call. 
Packages are built as necessary when the project is configured, any modifications that modify the package's [ABI hash](../binarycaching.md#abi-hash) results in a rebuild of the dependencies.
```
